---
layout: #journal
title: Introduction
date: 2025-07-03 
---
Yours Truly
In the name of God, The Most Gracious and The Most Merciful.
I made this blog, because i feel bored. Yes, simple as that. But i think there's other reasons that come along. 
I mean like, have you ever imagine. You in the future have grandchildren (Hope they wont burden me 😭🙏) And they asking "What kind of person grandma when she were young??" "She wrote blogs. Through there you can see what kind of person she is." Like?! Isn't it so Edgy and Sooo nerdy?? In good way of course. I love bloggers.

So actually that's another reason why i want to make blogs. So this will be some memoir of myself or something, lol.
This also will be some kind of mind library because i am easily forgetful so why don't i write my thoughts in slightly, little bit professional way? 
I have my Instagram account that saves couple highlights for me to rewatch, why don't i save my words too?
That's why this blog will have very heavily subjective opinion about anything i wrote. 

I will not rely on the theme, i rely on my brain, my mind, my thoughts, my heart especially, about all the things i want to talk about. From the mere life opinion, some cases, about my favoritos? Books, Series, Movies, Songs, person, Baverages. I basically talk whatever i want.
The writing might looks so basic, but hey its better this way isn't it? So i can reach lot of type of people :D oh by the way, english is not my native, so i apologize for the bad grammar and funny sentences.
Never intend to make sensitive opinions about anything, so hope noone feel offended about my thoughts. I am gonna be pacifist as i can be. 

In the world where seems blog as not as trendy as before, here i am very late. But its better to try. I hope this is not one moment of life where i got bored but became routine that i occasionally came to. (Better than just scrolling tiktok right?) 

I also wanted to add my confessions sins on this blog that the editor of this blogs will be AI :") yes, my very big apologies for still not having a great grammar and english skills, and not putting much time and focus to make the pure writing by myself only. But i saved the draft of my disorganized writing, so i still can give proof to anyone that my blogs is started by me. I'd just treat my AI as unpaid assistant hehe.. :) :| :") :"( 

So. Welcome Welcome. Everyone is very welcome here. Just make it as our safe zone. Be nice and be happy, though perhaps world doesn't work like that for you.

-OrdinaRyn

👻👻

